# TSC Meeting Minutes

- Date: `2025-09-02`
- Participants:
- [x] @aaronschweig
- [x] @nexus49
- [x] @mirzakopic
- [x] @tjbutz
- [ ] @tobias-oetzel
- [ ] @hardl
- [ ] @akatyabg
- [ ] @PriyankaSakundarwarSun (OSPO)
- [ ] @CowFreedom (OSPO)

## Agenda

| Topic                                                          | Presenter                          | Notes | Actions |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|-------|---------|
| New TSC Member @akatyabg                                       |                                    |       |         |
| Feedback from Open Source Summit                               | @nexus49,@mirzakopic,@aaronschweig |       |         |
| Updates on Open Source / Migration Progress                    |                                    |       |         |
| Split of portal-server / portal-ui libs between PM and OpenMFP |                                    |       |         |
| Domain Transfer to LFX                                         |                                    |       |         |
| Refactoring of OpenMFP Documentation                           |                                    |       |         |
| Upcoming focus topics and priorities                           |                                    |       |         |


